CHARACTERS
    LIN
        Young girl from some town (?). Has experience with the bow and daggers, agile fighter. Raised as a hunter.
        She likes exploring and adventure.
    RAYNE
        Magician guy from the magic arts school. Left the school out of "disagreements" with his mentor.
        Wants to make a living by researching the ruins, maybe sell one or two relics and get filthy rich.
    GREESE
        An ancient robot from the nearby ruins. Very sturdy.
        Knows nothing of the present world, follows you around after being waken up in the ruin.

SKILLS
    Attack      -   Deals basic damage. Uses animation based on weapon equipped.
    Guard       -   Halves incoming damage. Restores (1x Mag)MP.
 P  Critical    1   Damage boosted basic attack. 1.2x Atk on damage calculation.
    Tackle      1   Deals basic damage. Applies STUN. High chance of miss. STUN denies action for 1 turn.
    Provoke     1   Redirects attacks towards themselves this turn. Halves incoming damage.
    Laser       2   Deals basic magic damage. Ignores defense.
        IDEA: Chance to spend extra MP to boost any action (+0.1x dmg per 1MP, etc).
 B  Fire        2   Deals basic fire damage to one. Lowers attack.
    Flame       4   Deals mid fire damage to all.
    Inferno     6   Deals high fire damage to one.
    Burn        3   Applies BURN to one. BURN lowers HP by 1/16 per turn.
    Ice         2   Deals basic ice damage to one. Lowers defense.
    Winter      4   Deals mid ice damage to all.
    Blizzard    6   Deals high ice damage to one.
    Freeze      3   Applies FROZEN to one. FROZEN denies action for 1-2 turns.
    Windcut     2   Deals basic wind damage to one. Lowers speed.
    Storm       4   Deals mid wind damage to all.
    Thunder     6   Deals high wind damage to one.
    Evasion     3   Applies EVASION. Avoids physical damage for 1-2 turns.
 W  Heal        2   Heals basic damage to one.
    Regen       5   Applies REGEN to all. REGEN heals 1/16 per turn.
    Remedy      3   Heals bad status effects (BURN, FROZEN).
    Revive      5   Revives one with 50% health.
    Strong      6   Raises attack.
    Durable     6   Raises defense.
    Sage        6   Raises magic.
    Swift       6   Raises speed.

ENEMIES
    Kobold

Emerald Ring --GREEN
Sapphire Bracelet --BLUE
Ruby Necklace --RED
Citrine Brooch --YELLOW

SETTING
    

STORY
    Story starts in the forest near Lin's town.
    Lin walks through the forest and finds a mysterious guy there.
    That guy happens to be Rayne, who is looking for the ruins in the forest.
    Rayne attacks "by mistake" some of the people from the town as they were denying him entrance to the area towards the ruins.
    Lin appears in their rescue and punches Rayne in the face (first battle).
    Rayne escapes, the others go to his capture.
    Lin comes back to town, and finds Rayne imprisoned.
    Rayne gives Lin a sob story for why he wants to enter the ruins.
    Lin either (a)breaks him out or (b)ignores him.
        (a) will get you expelled from the town
    Either help or not, a big explosion is heard, in the direction of the ruins?
    A group of monsters attacks the town? or something related to the ruins.
        (b) If you don't help Rayne he gets out somehow.
    There's signs the creatures come from the ruins.
    You decide to join forces with Rayne and accept to accompany him to the ruins.